1.

Sarah Lucas is 26 years old and is a very athletic person. At the age of 17 she was disabled due to an accidental sporting injury which fractured some of her spinal vertebrae. Sarah now uses a manual wheelchair to move around.

Before her injury Sarah took part in every available sport event at her school, however afterwards she was unable to continue with these which greatly frustrated her. Not the type to give up, Sarah joined a local disabled sport society, determined to continue with her sporting lifestyle. She casually plays mobile games when she is travelling, but doesn't play games very much outside of this due to their lack of a physical aspect. She would be interested in sports related games and she has seen motion based games, but she is unable to take part in them.

Due to her enthusiasm and persistence Sarah often over-exerts herself, causing her to suffer back pain from being physically active for a long time. Whenever this happens she must take a break from activity and rest for at least half an hour. She also finds it difficult to turn her wheelchair quickly, as this painfully puts pressure on her spine through the twisting of her body and makes it more likely for her to need a break.

2.

Edwin Roy is 16 years old and has been heavily disabled since birth. He is unable to use a manual wheelchair due to malformed arms which are very weak, so he uses a powered wheelchair to move around. As he is not a very active person, he spends a lot of his time playing on his PC, with his keyboard and mouse on a small desk attached to his wheelchair, and considers himself an advanced gamer.

MMORPGs and open world games such as World of Warcraft and Skyrim are Edwin's favourite games because they give him a way to explore interesting places unhindered. He especially enjoys the social aspect of MMORPGs because he is treated the same as every other player. He also likes to read books when he's had enough of his games, and is a fan of the fantasy genre.

Edwin doesn't play games on consoles as he has a powerful gaming PC, however he recently bought a Nintendo 3DS and has quickly become interested in Nintendo's franchises. Unfortunately, he has found their recent systems (the Wii and Wii U) have some motion based games that he would not be able to play.

3.

Adrian Wilkinson is 18 years old and has no disability other than needing glasses for his strong short-sightedness. He currently lives with his parents and two cats, and he works at McDonalds five days a week. On weekends he spends time with his disabled boyfriend, sometimes watching movies, TV or playing Xbox games together.

He is a very competitive gamer, taking part mostly in multiplayer action games such as Battlefield and League of Legends where he teams up with his friends. His team has won a few e-sports tournaments, which he is proud of. He does play single player games, but only when they present him with a significant challenge such as in the case of Dark Souls or Super Meat Boy.

Adrian thinks that current motion enabled games are gimmicky, but thinks properly done motion control would be cool since one of his favourite film is Spy Kids 3-D and he likes the idea of being part of a game. He does not enjoy physical exercise and went out of his way to avoid doing much in his physical education classes when he was at school.